We live in a world based on systems where everything has to be scalable and everybody's obsessed with
the idea of passive income, but the fact is selling services and doing unscalable things could potentially
be the quickest route to profitability for your blog.
The reason is simple.
Client service businesses have very little overhead and generally require no upfront investment.
You basically just say you're in business, land your first client and start working and building a
service business on top of a blog is a really smart move because your blog showcases your expertise
and proves that you're the right person for the job.
You can offer one on one coaching, consulting, graphic design, photography or any other service that
you have the skills to provide.
By the way, a lot of people who offer services are afraid of giving away too much with their content.
They don't want to reveal their secret sauce or whatever because they figure people will just do it
themselves.
I say don't worry about that.
Give away everything, you know, for the DIY crowd, and plenty of people will still be willing to
hire you to do it for them or to hold their hand through the process.
Ultimately, the more free information you put out there, the more leverage and credibility you have.